In this lecture, we will see how to delete the record using spring guitarist.
So let's them blow a database.
As of now, we have three records in a Western table.
Now let's say we want to delete this particular record that is equal to four.
OK, so let's see how to do this.
Selector added The matter is delayed and this will remain seem OK.
We don't require anybody.
OK, so this will remain same.
This is our EPS.
And then as part variable, you need to pass the ID.
OK?
Basically, idea of the record that you want to delete, call this API as I was putting what application
is already running?
See who's it for?
No content, OK.
That means we have successfully deleted the record.
OK, this is the indication.
Great, it is one see now we just two records, OK?
That third record of it was having it equal to what God delighted how we call this EPA OK?
At the debate, delete one who is providing this spring guitarist.
OK, you can compare this with our other application where we did this manually.
You know, what's been controller?
Come down, compare with this one, okay, let's run.
And here we are calling it bad.
OK, but now this is our spring guitarist, so we don't do anything OK in this particular application,
spring guitarist is doing all these things OK.
Providing this IPAs will be delayed.
So this is how you can delete the record using spring guitarist.
That's all for now, and we'll proceed further in the next lecture.
Thank you very much.